# Introduction: Badminton Court Booking App

The application can find the Badminton court near users and they can book it via the online application. Customers would like to have it on their mobile phones so that they can use it to find available Badminton courts for them to book and play with friends by having the administrator or staff maintain the system and list the information such as registration information and Badminton court’s information that include its location, business hours, and rent price or hourly booking price in each type of court. In addition, it also includes the type of shoes that can use at the court and the staff or administrator update the status of the court that it’s available or not. If not, they should provide the reason. 

Users and customers should be registered members before using the application. In the registration process, they should provide their information such as name, address, and credit card information in case of being payment channel or they may use transferring via bank, so these two systems must have connected. After the users be a member, they will available to see the total list of Badminton courts that are available, so that they can choose the court that is close to them from the position indication system on their phone or recommend the court that is close to them and they be able to choose the court and time of use. They can choose the time that fits them like start-time and end-time and also can cancel the current booking, which means that the system must have a booking list of all courts for those who would not like to play anymore and they will receive the money back in case of they didn’t start playing at court yet. They can also book the equipment in advance before they go to the court like renting a racquet or shuttlecock to play. If the court is not available, they should be able to put on the request or book the court in the system. When the system receives the booking, the application must know what courts are available and send a message to users to acknowledge that there is a requested court. After users finish playing, they can give a review to the court whatever they like by giving the star rating including giving some comments. When users see the list of the available Badminton court, they can also have a search function for searching the court according to the following criteria, so they can search the court’s name and the application will give the list of the court that have those characters. They can search for the court according to the distance from them such as set the distance within 1 km., 2 km., or 10 km., by the system will show the court that within the following distance. They can also search for the court according to the specific price such as 100 per hour or 200 per hour. In addition, they can also see the other review of the court from other users, so when they look at the information of the badminton court, they should see the average star as a review of the court means that they can choose the one that has the high rating. According to creating the account process, the application should have the login feature. The staff or administrator can also update the customer status. In case there are some customers who have inappropriate behavior, they can change the status to disabled and those customers will not be available to log in to the system.
